Continuing with tuples_intro.py,
it would be useful to store
all our albums in a single list. Now if
we're going to do that, we must enclose
each one in parentheses. I suggested
always using parentheses around your
tuples, and you can see that I didn't do
that in the five tuples on lines 1 to 5.
What we'll do first is create the
list without any parentheses, to show you
why they're necessary. So I'm going to go
ahead and change this to; welcome's
gonna be changed to albums. I'm
going to put our left square bracket there.
I'm going to put a comma at the end of
each line. We're going to put our right
square bracket at the start of line six and
then I'm going to delete the variable
definitions at the start - each one of these, like so.
I'm going to delete all the code
after that closing brace, the right
square bracket. That's only going to, that
was referring to variables that we don't
have anymore and was showing an
error. Alright, so what we've got now
looks like a list containing five albums.
It doesn't conform to the Python style
guide, so what we should do is reformat
the code before going any further. So I'm
gonna come up to code and select Reformat Code.
You can use the shortcut if you prefer.
Now that I've done that, it looks even
more like a list containing five albums,
but in fact, it's not. What it is, is a list
containing 15 items, 10 strings and 5 ints.
Just adding line breaks
doesn't make each group of entries into
a tuple. We need to use parentheses to do
that. Now we can check, by printing out
how many items are on the list. So let's do that.
On line 8,  I'm going to type print
parentheses len parentheses albums.
Run the program and the answer will be 15, as
you can see on the screen there. When we
use parentheses around the individual
album details, we will get a list
containing five entries. So let's have a go at
doing that. So we're gonna each one of
these groups here, up to but not including the
furthermost right comma,
we're gonna surround in parentheses.
Alright, like so. So now that I've done
that, at the end of each line, the comma
separates the tuple from the next one.
So do make sure you put the comma
after the closing parenthesis, as I did, or
you'll get an error. So run the program -
this time we should see the answer 5,
instead of 15, and you can see that's the case.
Our albums list now contains five
tuples, and each of those tuples contains
three items. Now if we want to print out
a catalogue of all our albums,
all we need to do is iterate over the
list. Let's have a go at doing that.
So on line 10, I'm going to type for album
in albums : and on the next line, print
parentheses double quotes Album : Then
we want left and right curly braces comma
Artist : left and right curly braces again
comma Year :
left and right curly braces, closing double
quote. On the next line, I'm going to
type dot format and it's going to be, in
parentheses, album 0 album 1, in square
brackets again, and finally, album 2 in
square brackets, and we've got our two
right parentheses as well. And I split
line 11 up, just to make it easier to see
on the screen. You don't need to do that.
Run the program, and we should see our
tuples printed out - our albums, I should
say - from the tuples, and we can see them
on screen there. Now this would be tidier -
the code that I just wrote - if we unpacked
the tuple and used sensibly named
variables for the album name,
artist and year. So in other words,
changing it so we had something like this;
we're going to make this name
change there, to name comma artist, comma year.
Now you can see the errors on the screen
because we haven't unpacked the tuples
yet. I know I haven't unpacked them either.
I'll be doing that in the next
lecture. Before that, your challenge is to
fix the errors in the most efficient way
you can think of. So the challenge is to
fix the errors in our code, by unpacking
the tuples into the variables, that we're
using on line 12. Now, there are two ways that
you could do that. Try to do it by only
changing one line of code. In any event,
I'll go over my solution in the next video.